all right hey greetings YouTube this is
Mike I am working on the the scale-model
attic contest entry this is my slave one
it's going to be the boba fett version
it's going to be a companion piece to my
to my Millennium Falcon that I did which
was I guess pretty pretty highly
stylized in the way I did the finish on
that one as well but this uh this kit
actually has the a little standing boba
fett and a frozen Han Solo figure so
those would be going along somewhere
along somewhere along with this but just
wanted to show you where I'm at right
now this is pretty much just at the
priming stage here comes it inspect it's
a boy but a lot long the way you could
see I've got one thick two millimeter
fiber-optic strand right there these are
you know I'm not sure what but the size
is on this one but I also have three
more coming shooting through there and I
have one more one millimeter jump sorry
two millimeter sized fiber-optic strand
coming through there aside from that the
cockpit is going to be wired up for some
accent lighting I'm also going to put
some lighting in the wells also so that
there's a little bit of light shooting
through there
here's the bottom piece
I haven't glued anything on to this one
yet pretty much I think or I'm going to
go with this as I'm gonna do this in
silver and then come back with some
really heavy weathering on top of that
just to kind of give it some dimension
and give it some some life but uh kind
of like in this this primary color for
the other base coat so aside from that
this is going to get a so a base coat of
the the green and I might throw some
silver here anyway just to just to add
some some life to this thing also but uh
aside from now that's really all that
I've got
right now and I don't know I mean thank
God for for YouTube you can't smell that
breath right now but again it's really
where I'm at right now the next stage is
I'm going to go ahead and start getting
some base coats on these with these
parts here get let that paint cure up
add my liquid mask and salt to that so
that I can get some really good chipping
on this this bad boy so that's a Santa's
yeah so anyway that is it for now I
don't have much of a I don't have much
of an update yet but this one's uh
moving along a little slow even I'd like
to go but been a little busy here at the
house also so I guess y'all take it easy
- I'll have a larger update for y'all
next time but this is word stands right
now still an empty show and I'm glad
that this target here kind of I'm gonna
leave this I'm not going to glue these
two halves together so that I can always
come in and access my battery pack and
the fiber optics if I have to you so as
long as this decides to just snap right
back into place I'm not going to really
worry about gluing it in because as all
my look I'm starting to find out with
all my electronics jobs that eventually
I'm going to have to go in there and fix
it because I'm not the best that there
is excuse me I'm not the best there is
at electronic work so that little bit
right there is actually going to be
pretty helpful kind of glad that fine
mold went through the trouble of
actually giving us a little platform to
work on so I'm not sure that's really
how they engineered it but it works for
me so I will see y'all later y'all have
fun y'all take it easy into all of the
other scale model attic contest entrance
good luck you all have fun and take it
easy now see you later bye